Psalm 31 to the chief musician a psalm
of David in you O Lord I put my trust
let me never be ashamed deliver me in
your righteousness bow down your ear to
me deliver me speedily be my rock of
Refuge a fortress of defense to save me
for you are my rock and my fortress
therefore for your name's sake lead me
and guide me pull me out of the net
which they have secretly laid for me for
you are my strength into your hand I
commit my spirit you have redeemed me O
Lord God of truth I have hated those who
regard useless idols but I trust in the
Lord I will be glad and rejoice in your
mercy for you who have considered my
trouble you have known my soul in
adversities and have not shut me up into
the hand of the enemy you have set my
feet in a wide place have mercy on me O
Lord for I am in trouble my eye wastes
away with grief yes my soul and my body
my life is spent with grief and my years
with sighing my strength fails because
of my iniquity and my bones waste away I
am a reproach among all my enemies but
especially among my neighbor's and I'm
repulsive to my acquaintances those who
see me aside flee for me I am forgotten
like a dead man out of mind I am like a
broken vessel
for I hear the slander of many fear is
on every side while they take counsel
together against me they scheme to take
away my life but as for me I trust in
you O Lord
I say you are my God my times are in
your hand deliver me from the hand of my
enemies and from those who persecute me
make your face shine upon your servant
save me for your Mercy's sake do not let
me be ashamed or Lord where I have
called upon you let the wicked be
ashamed
let them be silent in the grave let the
lying lips be put to silence which speak
insolent things proudly and
contemptuously against the righteous oh
how great is your goodness which you
have laid up for those who fear you
which you have prepared for those who
trust in you in the presence of the sons
of men you shall hide them in the secret
place of your presence from the plots of
man you shall keep them secretly in a
pavilion from the strife of tongues
blessed be the Lord for he has shown me
his marvelous kindness in a strong City
for I said in my haste I am cut off from
before your eyes nevertheless you heard
the voice of my supplications when I
cried out to you o love the Lord all you
his Saints the Lord preserves the
faithful and fully repays the proud
person be of good courage and he shall
strengthen in your heart all you who
hope in the Lord
[Music]